add doc about git clean for working around ts issues (#111572)
elastic/kibana: dev_docs/troubleshooting.mdx

---
id: kibTroubleshooting
slug: /kibana-dev-docs/troubleshooting
title: Troubleshooting
summary: A collection of tips for working around strange issues.
date: 2021-09-08
tags: ['kibana', 'onboarding', 'dev', 'troubleshooting']
---

### Typescript issues

> If you run into some really head-scratching ts errors, and are starting to question your sanity, try to run `git clean` to clear your typescript cache. Sometimes it can get mixed up when switching branches and show errors that are totally wrong.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run into some really head-scratching Typescript errors, and are starting to question your sanity, try to run `git clean` to restore your repository to a totally fresh state. Sometimes the Typescript caches can get mixed up when switching branches and show errors that are totally wrong.
```

```

> git clean -fdxn -e /config -e /.vscode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# dry run the clean to see what will be deleted
git clean -fdxn -e /config -e /.vscode

# review the files which will be deleted, consider adding some more excludes (-e)
# re-run without the dry-run (-n) flag to actually delete the files
```
